---
layout: page
title: v4.0 Release Notes (pending)
---

'''Release Date: XXXX'''

== Downloading web2project ==

For the v4.0 Release, the only official distribution site is: https://github.com/web2project/web2project/releases

All Installation instructions have been moved to the [[Installation]] page. They will no longer be included in the Release Notes.

== Reporting Problems ==

If you have any problems or think you've found a bug, please visit [http://support.web2project.net/ our Support Forums]. We have a great community and most are willing to help in exchange for a simple "thank you". Remember, politeness goes a ''long'' way.

If you've been unlucky enough to discover an actual bug, please add it to our [http://bugs.web2project.net/view_all_bug_page.php our Issue Tracking System]. Please be as specific as possible, it will help us reproduce and determine the cause of problems more quickly. Though before submitting, please search to see if someone has already submitted it. Who knows? It might already be fixed by the time you find it!

Finally, please remember to mark Feature Requests as requests and not bugs.

*  ''If you're not familiar with submitting a bug, please read my post: [http://caseysoftware.com/submitting-a-bug-howto Submitting a Bug:Howto]''

== Updates ==

=== New Features ===


=== Fixes/Bugs Closed ===


=== Misc Changes/Improvements ===



=== Open/Known Issues ===

*  If you upgrade from dotProject, you may have an oddity with your default theme/display as the name has changed.  If this happens, edit your preferences, change to one of the existing themes, and save.

== System Metrics ==

There are some core metrics that may be of interest to the geekier among us. We generate these by using 'phing metrics' using the unit_tests/build.xml file:

*  Lines of Code: XXX (XXX of comments, XXX of code)
*  Overall Cyclomatic Complexity/LoC: XXX
*  Classes: XXX (XXX Concrete, XXX Abstract)
**  Lines of Code/Class: XXX
**  Class Constants: XXX
**  Methods:XXX (XXX static, XXX non-static)
**  Lines of Code/Method: XXX
**  Cyclomatic Complexity/Number of Methods: XXX
*  Functions: XXX
*  Constants: XXX
* Test Classes: XXX
**  Test Methods: XXX
*  XXX% duplicated lines of code (~XXX)

[[Category:Release Notes]]